Deprecate old `agents` in favor of `mcp-client` (#1447)
huggingface/huggingface.js: README.md

- [@huggingface/inference](packages/inference/README.md): Use all supported (serverless) Inference Providers or switch to Inference Endpoints (dedicated) to make calls to 100,000+ Machine Learning models
- [@huggingface/hub](packages/hub/README.md): Interact with huggingface.co to create or delete repos and commit / download files

> - [@huggingface/mcp-client](packages/mcp-client/README.md): A Model Context Protocol (MCP) and a tiny Agent library built on top of InferenceClient.

Author: ```suggestion
- [@huggingface/mcp-client](packages/mcp-client/README.md): A Model Context Protocol (MCP) client, and a tiny Agent library, built on top of InferenceClient.
```

});
```

### @huggingface/mcp-client example

```ts
import { Agent } from '@huggingface/mcp-client';

const HF_TOKEN = "hf_...";

const agent = new Agent({
  provider: "auto",
  model: "Qwen/Qwen2.5-72B-Instruct",
  apiKey: HF_TOKEN,
  servers: [
    {
      // Playwright MCP
      command: "npx",
      args: ["@playwright/mcp@latest"],
    },
  ],
});

await agent.loadTools();

> for await (const chunk of agent.run("Hello, how are you?")) {

Author: ```suggestion
for await (const chunk of agent.run("Draw a picture of a cat wearing a top hat. Then caption the picture and read it out loud.")) {
```

> for await (const chunk of agent.run("Draw a picture of a cat wearing a top hat. Then caption the picture and read it out loud.")) {
>   console.log(chunk);
> }

Reviewer: I'd update the prompt for something `@playwright/mcp@latest` is able to run + showcase how to read Agent's output:

```suggestion
for await (const chunk of agent.run("What are the top 5 trending models on Hugging Face?")) {
    if ("choices" in chunk) {
        const delta = chunk.choices[0]?.delta;
        if (delta.content) {
            console.log(delta.content);
        }
    }
}
```

Author: sounds good, thanks!
